hi everyone my name is Jessica the voice
behind the teep style script and today
I'm coming into this video to talk about
my cheeks ballet flats and if you've
seen my website more much social media
you know that I love the teks ballet
flats and I wanted to just make a video
series on answering some of your
questions in more of a visual format so
a little more about me if you don't know
me I run the cute style script websites
and I'm on professor and a pharmacist by
day and I belong on that website at
night so you probably have seen me wear
these down my social media different
outfits and things and I just wanted to
come in and make this video so I want to
first start off with that I'm not an
affiliate of teks and I'm not sponsored
by cheeks so I don't get any kickbacks
or anything from talking about this
ballet flat I just generally love it and
a longtime customer three years and
continuing on as the customer and I just
wanted to answer some questions out
there and these videos so I'm going to
talk about what I'm going to cover in
this video and then if your questions
are not going to be covered in this
video you can feel free to click onto my
other videos as well so in this video
I'm going to talk about why I love teeps
ballet flats why they're comfortable do
they hurt your big toe or your heel how
are you packing and folding them and the
price and longevity of them and then if
you want more information about how I
care for my ballet flat so how I store
them how I prevent sweat marks and
things please tune in to my other video
on that and then if you want information
on how I wear them comfortably all day
long please tune in to my other video on
the chic
Sakshi on that I wear with my ballet
flats most days and then if you want
more information I'm going to dress the
customer service and the color options
and the packaging in things in another
video
as well so please turn it into that
video so if you want a specific question
answer feel free to look down at the
comment the description below this video
and I'll write down exactly where in the
video I addressed that question so you
can skip ahead if you want to but
hopefully you want to watch the whole
video and see some of the information
and provide right now okay
and then also if you want more of a
written format about the teats ballet
flaps and more photos and things feel
free to click the link below to my
actual website and I belong post on that
so you can give that format if you're
not a video person okay so let's get
started with those questions so first
off I wanted to show you some of the
ones I own and then we'll get into their
questions so you can see these are most
of the ones I own there's a few missing
because I do share a couple of colors
with my sister so she right now has the
great color on but I have my first two
pairs right here the black obsidian and
the ruby red patent and then my ivory
new color patent in my coral Orange and
then here is the lilac patent very nice
pretty purple and the bright pink
classic color and the lilac purple
classic color so you can see I own more
patent versions of the teks versus
classic color still get into why that is
later okay so why do I love them so
obviously I love them because they're
all muscle pairs and I have a customer
three plus years but overall you know I
did own other brands of ballet class
before but now cheeks is the only brand
that I own animal purchase of ballet
flats just because of the quality the
style the comforts um and everything I
just love about this company okay so I
think that pretty much answers buy all
of them and then why are they
comfortable or are they comfortable so
we're back when I introduced myself I
said I was professor and a pharmacist so
in the health care setting you know I'm
on my feet 12 plus hours a day sometimes
and I'm running through the
also not sitting at a desk or anything
I'm running through the hospital I'm a
critical care pharmacist so you run to
cold blue situations and you know I take
the stairs in the hospital you know most
healthcare professionals don't have time
to wait for elevator so I'm running and
they're definitely comfortable on my
feet all day in that setting then I'm
also an assistant professor so I'm at
the university teaching and I'll teach
for a couple hours or three hours at a
time and I do like wearing my ballet
flats when i'm teaching because it's
really easy to move around the classroom
and you're asked for the students and
they're so comfortable in that setting
so definitely both settings if you work
in either of those you know I definitely
recommend them but I'm sure there's a
lot of other settings there you're on
your feet all day as well and these
ballet flats would be great for you in
terms of the other supporting the
comfort I did mention earlier that I
wear this product called the chic Sakshi
on with them and that's not really for
comfort is more for order protection
things but I'll get into another video
on that separately so feel free to click
the link below for that video so in
terms of do they hurt my big toe or do
they hurt my heel and things because if
you try other brands you probably have
that situation happen to you and
honestly I have never had a problem
either one but I do have some solutions
if you do have that problem so a first
um I think that the big toe issue may be
coming from most of the patent version
of the tapes and not the classic style
so the patents may not be as stretchy
when you first get them and you may want
to stretch them out a little bit I will
say that I'm a pretty average size with
the my foot whereas my sister is more of
a wide foot um honey just depends on
your foot but one option is stretch out
the patents for the big toe issue is to
stuff it with some tissue paper so I
honestly just took some packaging out of
another shoe box that I had and just
stuffed it inside these ballet flats to
show you so the stuff in it and now
Polly leave this in for a couple days up
towards a week to really stretch them
out over that time frame the other
option I think would be really great and
then I've seen other people comment on
is to wear really fixed
squeeze near ballet flats and walk
around your house in them so you can
walk around stretching out with those
thick stops and then you're also
protecting the soles in them because
you're walking around inside and out
outside and things so that's the other
way you can stretch them out if you have
a big toe issue I don't think that's as
of an issue with the classic color
because I think the classic is all more
stretching but you can also do that as
well so in terms of the heel does it
ever hurt my heel it obviously has never
hurt my heel I feel bored on their
ballet class and I'm not really a harsh
elastic on the on the backside or had a
burly a harsh just padding on the
backside or actually no patty at all you
might have that problem but the teks
really don't have an issue with that but
if you are afraid of that because I you
know honestly I am afraid of getting
blisters and other sores in my skin I do
try on other heels or other shoes
besides ballet class and I did write
about how I remember all high heels to
work and I do use a product in that post
and every day and that's all the
band-aid friction block stick and this
is great because I actually wear this
every time I wear high heels so I'll
apply this to any part of my foot my
skin I think might be prone to
blistering or having some skin breakdown
so I can prevent that because once you
form of Australia forded actually it's a
long time to heal right Indian is really
better to prevent rather than treat just
in all health care you want to prevent a
disease instead of having to treat that
disease so preventing it is really a key
for me so if you do have some problems
where you think your big toe might be
pinched or your heel love you pinched
feel free to just put on something that
will prevent it so a friction block
stick is great honestly I think band-aid
brand has actually discontinued this
exact product but they do have other
options out there from other brands and
I honestly just buy from Target so you
can buy it from Amazon or any other
drugstore and I'll just demonstrate how
you just quickly put it on but if you
want more information on this product
and however high heels just tuned in to
that link below this video okay so so
you my foot so nice orange nail polish
and stop
so um so just apply it to the back of my
heel and then you can apply it to your
toe as well and then placed into your
shoe so really easy so if you're afraid
of either those things happening I would
just try prevent it and then after a few
days in your Valley plastic stretched
out your foot then I'll try wearing them
without any prevention and see how you
do okay so that's those two questions so
now let's talk about um some of the pack
ability and the fold ability of this
piece because that honestly balances the
reasons why I purchased this product
because I really like versatile products
if you've seen my other posts and other
products I use I really like things that
are four in one product or you can mix
and match it many different ways so I'm
going to show you how to fold these I
really love this because then you can
place these into your handbag or tote
bag and then we're all their shoes so
honestly one way that I do this is when
I met pharmacy conferences you know for
three to seven days at a time you want
to wear high heels sometimes but then
you also have this really long walk
between the conventions that are and
your hotel room so you want to throw on
ballet flats during that long walk so
you can throw used in your handbag
really easily and then when you fold
them you can see that the soul is broken
up right here so this where you going to
fold them just take your ballet flat and
use fold it down into itself so that's
very easy sorry a little trouble there
so that's very easy obscure merchants on
the other pair as well so just fold it
inside of itself bring it here
okay and then when you place it into the
the little pouch that it comes with you
can just place it in just like this okay
so the pouch that petites kawaii is
really convenient to place your by light
locks into it and then you also have a
bag to place your other shoes that
you're taking off into that little pouch
as well it's really convenient and I
also love traveling with them but
honestly I prefer to carry on my
suitcase rather than
suitcase so this is really nice if you
want to bring a couple different pairs
or few different colors so you have
options running around your trip and
then they'll all fit into a carry-on
suitcase really easily okay so that's
how you pack them and now let's get into
the price and longevity because I think
those two concepts really go
hand-in-hand with one another so this
product is a hundred and thirty-five
dollars to two hundred and fifty dollars
or so and you know this is an investment
and I think that when you're making an
investment you really have to weigh your
options and things so just think back to
your other ballet flats your other shoes
that your own you know are they lasting
three five seven years for you because
these teeth ballet flats will last that
long for you so I'm on my gear at three
there's no way I'm throwing them out or
getting rid of them after this year so I
plan to keep them at least another two
to five years hopefully so ah they
definitely are investment over several
years to come whereas if you're
purchasing ballet flats now that you
know might be $50 $75 but you're
throwing them away or not wearing them
after six to twelve months
just think how that money adds up and
that money basically adds up to one pair
of teks so just think of all your
options I think that the longevity of
this really helps with the price point
and the quality because remember that
these these are high quality these are
high quality products you know I don't
have any problems with the stitching
coming on down or the soles coming
undone or anything in here so it's not a
product that you can have a fixed or
trying to repair by any means in a few
years um and then also just thinking to
longevity and why I love them you
probably have read if you've been on my
web site that I incorporate Mori condos
amore philosophy into my style and I
really think that her philosophy not
like a fan philosophy is anything that
you own or you purchase really just bark
joy in your life so teach ballet flats
really spreads away in my life you know
I love wearing them you know makes me
smile during the day when I have them
on any of your minor products that you
know you think are just okay because
they were on sale or you know they're
cheaper than valent then keeps ballet
flats and are they really sparking
joining life and I'm really making you
happy
you know penis smell in your face
because I think at the end of the day
that's also really important and not
just a vote
oh I spend $125 and that's too expensive
so that's just my opinion so I think
that's about it I'm going to cover in
this video so I covered why I love the
teeth ballet flats why they're
comfortable do they hurt your big toe
your heel and how to prevent that if
they do or if you're concerned not if
they do how to pack them or fold them
and then the longevity and price point
and then in my next video you can tune
in from about the customer service their
color options why I have more packing
versus classic colors and packaging in
things and then if you do like this
video remember that I'm not affiliates
not sponsored by Teague so I just want
to add that in one part time into this
video if you like this video and you
think of fun would like it you know I
would love it if you would share it with
someone that you know and if you do
share it with someone please leave a let
me know or they could comment cuz I
really would like to reach out and thank
you personally for your generosity and
if you have more questions and comments
please leave them below or contact me
you might email located in the
description because I love hearing from
you and I'm really just here to help you
make a decision if this is right for you
or not and because I know the inside
you're just seeing some things about
swimsuit okay well have a great day
everyone
thank you